welcome to the man of recaps this is man
in the high castle season one
it's 1960's America in the alternate
universe where the Nazis won World War
two which you know sucks Joe Blake is a
young guy ready to join the resistance
they give him a mission to transport
something important over to cannon city
in the neutral zone see most of America
is occupied by the Nazis but the
Japanese got to keep by California and
there's a small neutral zone in the
middle but the Nazis arrive they shoot
the place up and Joe Blake makes it out
of there just in time over in Japanese
San Francisco everything's Asian so it's
not that different
meet Giuliana Krane she's a nice young
woman taking Aikido classes got a nice
boyfriend Frank and a best friend third
wheel edy her sister Trudy shows up it's
like Trudy where you been it's like hey
I got this cool new job turns out that
job she's in the resistance that she's
like they're on to me take this and she
runs off and oh no she shot dead Wow out
what did Trudy have that was so
important it's just a film that shows
the Allies winning the war what how is
this possible Frank's like you know I've
heard about the man in the high castle
he makes these fake propaganda films you
gotta turn this over to the authorities
but Trudy had a bus ticket to the
neutral zone and Giuliana is like no I'm
gonna finish my sisters mission
obviously though they're searching for
the missing sister of the rebel they
just shot so sucks to be Frank on the
bus Giuliana meets a nice woman who
steals all her stuff luckily though she
had the film hidden it's safe
and she makes it to the neutral zone she
goes to the diner where she's supposed
to meet her contact but nobody shows up
and she's like hey this is Hawk word but
I had my bag stolen I can't pay for this
luckily Joe Blake is there he's like I
got you baby girl he buys her an orange
soda and these two bond very quickly
although they don't share that they're
in the resistance yet and turns out that
Joe is undercover working for the Nazis
Oh big twist episode 1 the guy Joe's
reporting to is obergruppenfuehrer John
Smith there's that word for you it's a
mouthful but it's kind of fun to say
he's the head of the SS for all America
but John Smith yeah he's not a German
overlord he's American after America
lost the war he committed fully to being
a Nazi he's raising his nice American
Nazi family but he's not afraid to
torture people to death the resistance
tries to assassinate him but he takes
them out open gruppenfuehrer John Smith
is hard to parish now Giuliana finds a
job opening at the diner she talks to
the owner LEM Washington who gives her
the waitress gig her resistance contact
is supposed to meet her here at 12:05
and around that
time this nice old man who makes origami
figures and reads the Bible is like hey
what's up you should check out chapter
twelve verse five uh-oh I see you're my
contact Joe checks him out because he's
hunting the resistance but turns out
this guy's in undercover Nazi - so when
Juliana gives him the film he tries to
kill her and Joe comes to save her
because she's hot but Juliana doesn't
need saving she's a black belt in Aikido
Oh the bridge out meanwhile Frank is
hanging out with the Japanese secret
police the Kempeitai chief inspector
Takeshi Kito is like hey tell us about
Juliana and we found out your
grandfather was Jewish and even though
the Japanese don't really care they're
allowed to gas them for no reason
including Frank's sister and her kids
and Frank's like no I won't betray
Juliana so they're gonna shoot him but
just then they pick up the woman who
stole Giuliana's bag which was actually
Trudy's bag and she had a subversive
film of her own though it's not a man in
the high castle one so they don't kill
Frank it looks like Juliana is innocent
you're free to go he's like well that's
great where's my sister oh it's a little
too late for that we already gassed her
oh man so if Frank wasn't a rebel before
he sure is now over in the neutral zone
it's the scientist from Pacific Rim
dressed as a cowboy
he's like a bar give me your papers just
like what is the neutral zone I don't
need to give you my papers it's like
yeah actually you do they call him the
marshal he's a bounty hunter hunting
down people who have fled to the neutral
zone and likes to string them up for fun
he was supposed to meet the undercover
Nazi they just killed so before long
he's on to them they have a shootout but
they knock him out for now turns out
diner owner LEM Washington is the
resistance contact here she Leon it's
like hack got the film let's go to the
man in the high castle but he's like no
that's not how it works Missy you give
us the film we go to the man in the high
castle also your boyfriend Joe's a Nazi
spy Joe's like what being no way would a
Nazi spy have brought to you my film -
and it's like okay we believe you for
now they fake a car accident to get the
marshal off their tail and Giuliana and
Joe go their separate ways now the
Germans in the Japanese are ostensibly
allies but old man Hitler's getting
pretty old and everyone knows his
successor is gonna want a war Japan so
the Japanese trade minister to go me he
meets with the Swedish diplomat but
turns out he's really a high-ranking
Nazi here in secret because these two
men are working together to ensure peace
between their nations the big problem is
that the Nazis have atomic bombs and
Japan never figured it out
so Colonel Wagner is here what's the
microfilm that shows them how to make
one so that way they can have a nice
Cold War the crown prince of Japan has
come
San Francisco during his speech he's
gonna slip the microfilm into the
science ministers pocket but meanwhile
Frank Frank works in a replica gun
Factory and today he made a real gun he
wants to assassinate the prince as
revenge for his sister but he can't make
bullets so he goes to see antique dealer
Robert childen for a fat stack of cash
she's willing to sell him some for
decoration only so Frank's gonna go
through with it but he sees this little
kid in the crowd and he's like ah he's
so cute I can't shoot a guy in front of
him but boom the crown prince is shot
anyway what Frank's didn't do it but he
looks extremely guilty so he pieces out
before anyone finds him and the
microfilm hand off is ruined their
patent everyone down so he's got to
swallow it right after this Julianna
comes home she goes to the Kempeitai
like hey sorry you were looking for me I
was just on a camping trip no resistance
stuff and the chief inspectors got too
much on his plate right now to deal with
her so Giuliana immediately gets in
touch with the resistance they set her
up with a job at trade minister to go
Me's office serving water and tea and
stuff she in the trade minister actually
become friends because they're both good
people but Giuliana finds that every
phone in the country is tapped and one
of the guys running that is her stepdad
what he's like yo I'm a nice guy I'm
just you know trying to provide for my
family back in New York Joe Blake makes
his report but he leaves Giuliana out of
it because he's kind of got a crush on
her he goes to John Smith's house for a
victory America Day they go to the
airport to pick up his mother-in-law but
instead they find Colonel Wagner who
turns out he and John Smith go way back
he managed to pass the microfilm after
he passed the microfilm and he made it
to New York but his flight to Berlin is
laid so he comes over for the VA de
bratwurst but at the end of the night oh
what's the setup they knew he was doing
something traitorous sorry old friend
and Jill Blake saw a conspicuous file
labeled grasshopper which is what all
the high castle films have written on
them he decides to scope it out but it's
blank
uh-oh it was a double setup John Smith's
whole party was just to catch traitors
he's like okay Joe I know you're not a
real traitor you just met a hot
resistance girl and fell in love but
you're gonna go to San Francisco get a
new film and then kill her or you're
dead man so Joe goes to San Francisco
Giuliana introduces him to the
resistance and they were gonna get a new
film but it was intercepted already by
the Yakuza who are ransoming it for like
a hundred thousand yen meanwhile the
Kempeitai are searching for the princess
shooter it's only a matter of time
before they pin it on Frank so he's like
hey Jules we got to get out of here he
doesn't have any money though so he goes
to Robert childen with a plan there
forge Sitting Bull's necklace which
turns out Frank's really good at and
sell it to Japanese collectors for a
buttload of money so they're gonna flee
to the neutral zone but they have a
goodbye dinner with their parents where
her stepdads like hey it's a good thing
you're here tonight the Kempeitai know
all about our resistance you cruise a
deal for a film going on so she rushes
down there and warns Joe Blake just in
time to escape before the Kempeitai bust
in but they're picked up by the Yakuza
anyway and Frank is left waiting at the
bus stop sucks to be frank the Yakuza is
gonna keep the film unless they buy it
again and the resistance only has enough
money to ransom Giuliana poor Joe has to
stay put so Giuliana goes to Frank like
hey boyfriend that money you made for
our escape I need it to ransom the hot
guy that I have a lot of sexual tension
with he's like yo are you serious but
he's a nice guy so he does it on the way
out Joe sees that Frank brought his gun
so he grabs in shoots up the Yakuza he's
like I'm not leaving here without that
film and it's like bro you gotta let me
know next time you're gonna do something
like that Joe gives them the film for
safekeeping they'll meet up later and
while they wait they watch it but this
one's not happy it shows a nuclear bomb
destroying San Francisco and resistance
members being executed including Frank
and the shooter is Nazi Joe Blake so Joe
shows up like hey why are you looking at
me like that and it's like you kill me
you Nazi bastard Juliana's like say it
ain't so Joe but he doesn't say it ain't
so and he takes the film meanwhile
obergruppenfuehrer John Smith is having
a bad day his sons got a doctor's
appointment turns out he's got a slow
progressing incurable genetic disease
and in the Reich people with incurable
diseases are put down since he's a
family friend the doctor is like I won't
report it yet I'll let you do it
yourself at home to make a bad day worse
his boss from Berlin shows up Ryan Hart
Heydrich and as far as Nazis go he's one
of the worst John Smith thinks it's
weird that his assistant knows exactly
how Heydrich takes his coffee so he puts
it together that the assassination
attempt on his life was Heydrich wanting
him out of the way he's like I don't
know when your boss's boss tells you to
kill your boss you do it it's like yeah
not if you bosses me boom-boom pushed
off the roof
anyway Heydrich is in town to take
custody of Colonel Wagner see he's on
the short list of people allowed to see
Hitler and Heydrich wants him to
assassinate Hitler or he's gonna murder
his whole family over in San Francisco
the Yakuza tell the Kempeitai that the
real shooter was a German secret agent
he's ready to confess but boom
in the head and it's like look we got to
cover this up because they want us to
provoke war but we can't win a war right
now but saving the Empire comes at great
personal cost because without a suspect
he's got a seppuku but just in time
there's a break in the case and got
caught disposing a Frank's gun and to
cover for his friend he confesses to
shooting the Prince Frank runs down
there know it was me but they've got a
nice confession so the case is closed
Heydrich takes John Smith on a mandatory
hunting trip he's like hey I'm doing a
coup killing Hitler are you with me or
are you dead over in Austria there's a
coincidental high castle Wagner is about
to kill Hitler but Hitler's like yo I
know all about the plan and if you kill
me they're gonna war Japan immediately
you want that so Wagner is like ah no
booth and shoots himself and Hitler
calls Reinhardt yo I'm still alive and
John Smith grabs a gun and shoots him
he's like sup man Fuhrer in San
Francisco they explained what happened
to the resistance and it's like look you
got a Laura Jo back here we're gonna
take the film and kill him
so when Julianna shows up she's like I
can't believe you're a Nazi he's like
look I'm not a Nazi I'm just a dude who
lives in New York and if I don't bring
this film back to them they're gonna
kill me so Giuliana's like hey I'll help
you escape but she's really bringing him
to the resistance to kill him but then
she feels bad she's like Joe I believe
in you and she puts him on the boat to
Mexico oh the resistance is pissed now
trade minister to go meas wife and son
died in the war leaves from the vine
falling so slow so he sits on a park
bench like man this world sucks so he
starts to meditate and when he opens his
eyes what he's in America yeah he
meditated himself to an alternate
reality and that's how season 1 comes to
an end
obergruppenfhrer in a obergruppenfuhrer
obon group and buren obergruppenfuehrer
I'm just gonna say John Smith